=head1 NAME

dot - manages symbolic links for dotfiles




=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<dot> [B<-h>|B<--help>][B<-c> I<configfile>] I<command> [I<args>]




=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script makes it easy to manage your dotfiles.

Script is written in bash, and very configurable.




=head1 COMMANDS

=over 10

=item B<clone>

Clone dotfile repository on your computer with git.

=item B<pull>

Pull the repository from the remote dotfiles repository.

=item B<update>

Combined command of B<pull> and B<set> commands.

=item B<cd>

Change directory to F<dotdir>.

=item B<list>

Show the list which files will be managed by B<dot>.

=item B<check>

Check the files are correctly linked to the right places.

=item B<set>

Set the symbolic links interactively. This command sets symbolic links configured in F<dotlink>.

=item B<add>

Move the file to the dotfile dir and make its symbolic link to that place.

=item B<edit>

Edit dotlink file F<dotlink>.

=item B<unlink>

Unlink the selected symbolic links and copy from its original files in the dotfiles repository.

=item B<clear>

Remove the all symbolic links in F<dotlink>.

=item B<config>

Edit (or create if the file doesn't exist) rcfile F<dotrc>.

=back


=head1 OPTION

=over 10

=item B<-h>, B<--help>

Show the help message.

=item B<-H>, B<--help-all>

Show man page.

=item B<-c> I<configfile>, B<--config> I<configfile>

Specify configuration file to overload. (default: I<~/.config/dot/dotrc>)

=back


=head1 COMMAND OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<clone> [I<dir>]

Clone I<clone_repository> onto the specified direction. (default: I<~/.dotfiles>)

=over 6

=item B<-f>, B<--force>

Never prompt.

=back

=item B<pull> [B<--self>]

With --self option, update B<dot> itself.

=item B<set>

=over 6

=item B<-i>, B<--ignore>

No interaction mode (skip all conflicts and do nothing).

=item B<-f>, B<--force>

Ignore conflicts and force make symbolic links.

=item B<-b>, B<--backup>

Ignore conflicts, make symbolic links and create its original backup.

=item B<-v>, B<--verbose>

Print verbose messages.

=back

=item B<update>

Combined command of B<pull> and B<set> commands. Options are same as B<set> commnad ones.

=item B<add> [B<-m> I<message>] I<original_file> [I<dotfile_direction>]

=over 12

=item B<-m> I<message>

Add your comment for dotlink file.

=back

=back


=head1 ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE

=over 10

=item B<DOT_REPO>

Dotfiles repository to manage with this program. You may should change this environment variable. (default: I<https://github.com/ssh0/dotfiles.git>)

=item B<DOT_DIR>

Directory for dotfiles (default: I<$HOME/.dotfiles>)

=item B<DOT_LINK>

Text file to save symbolic links information (default: I<$DOT_DIR/dotlink>)

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

Configuration file is B<$HOME/.config/dot/dotrc> and symbolic information is in B<$DOT_DIR/dotlink>.

=head1 AUTHOR

ssh0 (Shotaro Fujimoto L<https://github.com/ssh0>)

Report bugs here: L<https://github.com/ssh0/dot/issues>


=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under the MIT Lisence.


